chore: added LICENSE and README files for product-specific and langua… (#15)
pdf-tools/components-code-sample-hub: pdftools-sdk-examples-c/README.md

# Pdftools SDK C Code Samples

PDF processing code samples for PDF conversion, archiving, merging, digital signatures, validation, and text extraction. Run code samples in C.

**Pdftools SDK** is a high-level PDF library for conversion, optimization, merging, signing, and validation.

## Licensing

**Pdftools SDK** doesn't require a license key for evaluation. Without a license key, the SDK adds a watermark to output files.

To get a trial license key, create a user account at the [Pdftools portal](https://portal.pdf-tools.com/). For more information, refer to [Trial license overview](https://www.pdf-tools.com/docs/licenses/products/pdf-tools-sdk-license/#trial-license-overview).

## Organization of samples

> Each folder contains a self-contained sample with:
> - Source code
> - PDF test files
> - A `README.md` explaining what the sample does and how to run it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The subfolders in this repository contain individual code samples you can run. Every code sample subfolder contains:
- The code sample file itself.
- A README file with instructions for running the sample.
- A test PDF file.

The code samples are runnable out of the box. You can rewrite the runnable code sample file to change its parameters.
```

> ## Repository structure

Reviewer: Let's make this a subheading of the previous header.
```suggestion
### Repository structure
```

```
/USE_CASE_FOLDER
    README.md
    input.pdf
    SAMPLE_CODE_AND_CONFIG
```

## Getting started

> 1. Clone this repository to your local machine:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Clone this repository:
```

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/pdf-tools/pdftools-sdk-examples-c.git
    cd pdftools-sdk-examples-c
    ```

> 1. Navigate to the sample you want to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Choose a sample you want to run and navigate to its subfolder.
```
